PROBLEM STATEMENT
We have a circular train track on which a number of loaded cars are located. Each 
car has its own specified unloading position on the track.  The cars can be
moved in either direction along the track, but cannot pass each other.

We want to specify the order in which the cars should be
moved. The order of cars must allow each car to be moved just
once all the way to its unloading position where it will remain. 

The cars are each named with a lowercase letter, and their destinations with
the same letter but in uppercase. The positions of the cars and of their 
destinations are given by a sequence of letters that is regarded as circular by
wrapping around the ends. So, for example,  "BACacb" describes a situation in
which going clockwise around the track we encounter B, A, C, a, c, b, and then 
return back to B.  Here
there are 3 different orders in which the cars could be moved to their
destinations: 'a' then 'c' then 'b', 'a' then 'b' then 'c', or 'b' then 'a' then 'c'.

Create a class CircleOrder that contains a method firstOrder that is given the
original positions in a string circle and that returns the order in which they 
can be moved as a string, with the first character naming the first
car to move, the second naming the second car, etc.  

If there is more
than one order possible, give the one that comes first alphabetically.
If no order is possible, your method should return the 4-letter String "NONE".



DEFINITION
Class:CircleOrder
Method:firstOrder
Parameters:string
Returns:string
Method signature:string firstOrder(string circle)


CONSTRAINTS
-circle will contain between 2 and 50 characters, inclusive.
-Each character will be a letter, 'a'-'z' or 'A'-'Z'.
-No character will appear more than once.
-If a letter appears in circle, it will appear both in uppercase and in lowercase.


EXAMPLES

0)
"BACacb"

Returns: "abc"



   This is the example given above. "abc" comes alphabetically before the
   other two choices, "acb" and "bac".






1)
"ABCacb"

Returns: "NONE"


 
   We cannot move car 'c' first. If we move 'a' first, then we can never move 'b' to 'B', but 
   if we move 'b' first we can never move 'a' to 'A'.

2)
"XYxPyp"

Returns: "xyp"
